{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A few things worth noting about how the position split works:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 The split is the same pattern in both views, but the columns shift by context.
\f0\b0  In Roster Management 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  NFL Stats, you see season-long per-game averages \'97 the question is "what kind of producer is this player?" In Weekly 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  NFL Stats (last 3), you see rolling 3-game raw numbers 
\f3\i plus
\f0\i0  snap% and target/route share \'97 because the question is "is this player actually being used right now, this week?" Those usage columns (snap%, route%, target share) aren't useful for dynasty value evaluation but are critical for a Sunday morning lineup call.\

\f1\b QB is the most distinct.
\f0\b0  It's the only position group with passing-specific columns (Cmp%, Pass TD, INT), and for dual-threat QBs the rushing columns carry real weight. No other position touches those fields.\

\f1\b RBs are the most column-dense.
\f0\b0  They're the only position that legitimately needs 
\f3\i both
\f0\i0  a rushing block and a receiving block \'97 a back can be elite in one and irrelevant in the other. In the weekly view, Snap% goes at the front for RBs because RB usage is highly volatile week-to-week and that's the first sanity check before looking at anything else.\

\f1\b WR and TE share a column structure.
\f0\b0  They're both receivers and evaluated on the same dimensions. If you ever want TE-specific context (e.g. blocking snap% to flag a TE who's mostly a blocker), that could live in the player detail panel on click rather than cluttering the main table.\
One open question for you to decide: in the dynasty NFL stats view, should RBs show their receiving stats 
\f3\i always
\f0\i0 , or only when they're a notable receiver (e.g. hide the rec columns if a player has fewer than 2 targets/game)? Showing it always is simpler and more consistent; hiding it keeps the row cleaner for pure-runner RBs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Three design decisions worth calling out explicitly:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Ceiling/floor "vs pos avg" delta.
\f0\b0  The signed number next to the raw pts is what makes the context meaningful. Jefferson's WR14 floor showing "\uc0\u8722 8 vs WR14 avg" immediately tells you that wasn't a true WR14 season \'97 he missed games, and a healthy player at that rank would have scored more. Meanwhile Rice's WR6 ceiling showing "+22 vs WR6 avg" tells you his peak was a genuinely strong one, not a soft WR6 year. Without the delta, the raw pts number is still cross-year and cross-position ambiguous.\

\f1\b Season outlook expansion shifts columns by position.
\f0\b0  Snaps matter differently for a QB (it just means "are they starting") than for a TE (snap% vs. route% gap tells you if they're blocking). So the QB expansion swaps snap% for a "Starter: Yes/No" column and shows passing/rushing output instead of usage share. That also makes the trend comparison directly meaningful \'97 you can see Daniels is improving as a passer and as a rusher, not just "playing more."\

\f1\b Game log adds a High/Low summary row.
\f0\b0  The avg row alone is misleading for boom-bust players. Ja'Marr Chase averages 26.3 but has finished below 14 twice and above 28 three times \'97 he's high-variance, which matters if you're building to win this week vs. building a safe floor roster. The High/Low row surfaces that immediately without counting. One open question: you could also add a "games above 20 / games below 10" column to the summary table to make that volatility signal scannable without expanding the log.\
}